document `fdb_code` and `new_fdb_code` (#672)
canvas-medical/documentation: collections/_sdk/utils.md

the response itself, you can also access the `status_code` to verify that the
request was succcessful.

### `fdb_code`

> Elsewhere in the SDK there are commands that take an `fdb_code` or `new_fdb_code`, like [`AdjustPrescriptionCommand`](/sdk/commands/#adjustprescription), [`MedicationStatementCommand`](/sdk/commands/#medicationstatement),  [`PrescribeCommand`](/sdk/commands/#prescribe), and [`RefillCommand`](/sdk/commands/#refill). The  value to be sent as the `fdb_code` is returned in the search payloads below as the `med_medication_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elsewhere in the SDK there are commands that take an `fdb_code` or `new_fdb_code`, some examples being [`AdjustPrescriptionCommand`](/sdk/commands/#adjustprescription), [`MedicationStatementCommand`](/sdk/commands/#medicationstatement),  [`PrescribeCommand`](/sdk/commands/#prescribe), and [`RefillCommand`](/sdk/commands/#refill). The value to be sent as the `fdb_code` is returned in the search payloads below as the `med_medication_id`.
```

Removes an extra space and removes an expectation that this list be maintained.
